When young ones see brothers and sisters enjoying their sacred service,
they'll often express their faith and talk about future spiritual goals.
We went along with several groups of children to find out why they visited Bethel
and what that visit taught them about the organization, Angiahova.
It took me three hours and forty-eight minutes.
It took us two and a half to three hours to get here.
I would rather go to Bethel than sit down and watch TV on my sofa.
I'd rather go to Bethel just like Caleb and Sophia.
I really, really wanted to go after that.
Because we haven't been here for a long time, it's a great experience and it's nice to see what they're doing here.
You can find people who serve Jehovah and they're happy.
And you can feel their concern for other people.
I was off school, we got to go to Bethel and we really glad that we got to go.
I like the translation department because that is where our publications and videos are translated into different languages.
I saw the mini truck drivers at Bethel and then we got to see how they make the books and bibles.
I learned the paper in those barrels that they actually stretch from here to France.
I saw it when the paper was going down the machine that rolls the paper.
A little cart came onto the wheel and then the thing pulled the paper down and then the paper rolled inside.
And then it went and then the cart had the paper inside and it rolled away.
If you go to other places, they are dirty.
But here it is because this is the Jehovah's house.
I really like the laundry.
I saw these really big machines that keep on twirling.
Then clean clothes come out.
Then they put more clothes into another machine.
It twels and twels and it dries.
I also like the iron.
You just put the clothes there and there it's a ready dry.
On our tour we made the news for friends.
We had an amazing tour guide.
He was good because he told us more about Jehovah.
I think that Bethel is really good and it helps the people so much learning to hover.
To other kids who haven't toured Bethel yet,
they should try to come and visit because they won't only enjoy the experience,
they also learn many things about Jehovah's organization.
I would tell kids that it didn't want to come to Bethel,
that they're mixing out on something that is so great in loving from Jehovah.
It showed me that Jehovah is a loving and caring God.
Over for Bethel.
If your circumstances allow, we're sure your family will benefit spiritually from visiting Bethel.
It warms our hearts during these visits to see children who love Jehovah
and show an appreciation for spiritual things at such a young age.